README.md, before:

# Salesforce POV Terraform

## Prerequisites

- AWS Terraform provider authentication should be configured. See https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication
- Increase VPC and Elastic IP quotas in us-west-2 and us-east-1.
- Subscribe to the following AMIs:
  - Aviatrix Controller: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=2ewplxno8kih1clboffpdrp9q
  - Aviatrix CoPilot: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=bjl4xsl3kdlaukmyctcb7np9s
  - Palo Alto Networks VM-Series Next-Generation Firewall Bundle 1: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=e9yfvyj3uag5uo5j2hjikv74n
  - ~~Cisco Cloud Services Router (CSR) 1000V: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=5tiyrfb5tasxk9gmnab39b843~~

## Order To Deploy

1. build-controller-copilot
2. build-transit-spoke

## 1. build-controller-copilot

- Update values in `build-controller-copilot/terraform.tfvars`.

## 2. build-transit-spoke

- Update values in `build-transit-spoke/terraform.tfvars`.
- For information on how to create the .json file for GCP, see https://docs.aviatrix.com/HowTos/CreateGCloudAccount.html.
- For information on Aviatrix Controller HA, see https://docs.aviatrix.com/HowTos/controller_ha.html.

## terraform destroy

- `terraform destroy` should be run in the reverse order that `terraform apply` was run:

  1. build-transit-spoke
  2. build-controller-copilot

- In build-controller-copilot, the created VPC will fail to delete. The Aviatrix Controller applies security groups to the VPC which Terraform is not aware of. The workaround is to delete the VPC from the AWS Console and then rerun `terraform destroy`.

  ```
  │ Error: error deleting EC2 VPC (vpc-0d119642abc1484fa): DependencyViolation: The vpc 'vpc-0d119642abc1484fa' has dependencies and cannot be deleted.
  │ 	status code: 400, request id: 952e8a97-2f8d-4ffa-833c-f34a47c01184
  ```

## PAN Bootstrap

- The sample `bootstrap.xml` is based on the configuration in https://docs.aviatrix.com/HowTos/config_paloaltoVM.html
- The following accounts are created:
  - Username: admin Password: Aviatrix12345#
  - Username: admin-api Password: Aviatrix12345#
  - These usernames and hashed passwords are hardcoded in `bootstrap.xml` and are not based on any of the passwords in `terraform.tfvars`.
- You can create a custom `bootstrap.xml` by following the instructions in https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/9-0/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/create-the-bootstrapxml-file.html
- Vendor integration assumes that the admin-api user and password is as listed. If you create a new `bootstrap.xml`, either create the same admin-api user and password or update the vendor integration resources in `build-transit-spoke/pan.tf` with the username and password that was created:
  ```
  data "aviatrix_firenet_vendor_integration" "awstgw14_fw1" {
    vpc_id      = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[0].vpc_id
    instance_id = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[0].instance_id
    vendor_type = "Palo Alto Networks VM-Series"
    public_ip   = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[0].public_ip
    username    = "admin-api"
    password    = "Aviatrix12345#"
    save        = true
    depends_on = [
      time_sleep.wait_for_fw_instances
    ]
  }

  data "aviatrix_firenet_vendor_integration" "awstgw14_fw2" {
    vpc_id      = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[1].vpc_id
    instance_id = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[1].instance_id
    vendor_type = "Palo Alto Networks VM-Series"
    public_ip   = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[1].public_ip
    username    = "admin-api"
    password    = "Aviatrix12345#"
    save        = true
    depends_on = [
      time_sleep.wait_for_fw_instances
    ]
  }
  ```

Commit message:

Deploy tableau5 spoke to an existing VPC

README.md, after:

# Salesforce POV Terraform

## Prerequisites

- AWS Terraform provider authentication should be configured. See https://registry.terraform.io/providers/hashicorp/aws/latest/docs#authentication
- Increase VPC and Elastic IP quotas in us-west-2 and us-east-1.
- Subscribe to the following AMIs:
  - Aviatrix Controller: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=2ewplxno8kih1clboffpdrp9q
  - Aviatrix CoPilot: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=bjl4xsl3kdlaukmyctcb7np9s
  - Palo Alto Networks VM-Series Next-Generation Firewall Bundle 1: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=e9yfvyj3uag5uo5j2hjikv74n
  - ~~Cisco Cloud Services Router (CSR) 1000V: https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/pp?sku=5tiyrfb5tasxk9gmnab39b843~~
- An existing VPC in AWS us-east-1 with a 10.3.0.0/16 CIDR with a public subnet. In `build-transit-spoke/terraform.tfvars`, set `tableau5_vpc_id` to the VPC ID of the VPC and `tableau5_gw_subnet` to the CIDR of a public subnet in this VPC.

## Order To Deploy

1. build-controller-copilot
2. build-transit-spoke

## 1. build-controller-copilot

- Update values in `build-controller-copilot/terraform.tfvars`.

## 2. build-transit-spoke

- Update values in `build-transit-spoke/terraform.tfvars`.
- For information on how to create the .json file for GCP, see https://docs.aviatrix.com/HowTos/CreateGCloudAccount.html.
- For information on Aviatrix Controller HA, see https://docs.aviatrix.com/HowTos/controller_ha.html.

## terraform destroy

- `terraform destroy` should be run in the reverse order that `terraform apply` was run:

  1. build-transit-spoke
  2. build-controller-copilot

- In build-controller-copilot, the created VPC will fail to delete. The Aviatrix Controller applies security groups to the VPC which Terraform is not aware of. The workaround is to delete the VPC from the AWS Console and then rerun `terraform destroy`.

  ```
  │ Error: error deleting EC2 VPC (vpc-0d119642abc1484fa): DependencyViolation: The vpc 'vpc-0d119642abc1484fa' has dependencies and cannot be deleted.
  │ 	status code: 400, request id: 952e8a97-2f8d-4ffa-833c-f34a47c01184
  ```

## PAN Bootstrap

- The sample `bootstrap.xml` is based on the configuration in https://docs.aviatrix.com/HowTos/config_paloaltoVM.html
- The following accounts are created:
  - Username: admin Password: Aviatrix12345#
  - Username: admin-api Password: Aviatrix12345#
  - These usernames and hashed passwords are hardcoded in `bootstrap.xml` and are not based on any of the passwords in `terraform.tfvars`.
- You can create a custom `bootstrap.xml` by following the instructions in https://docs.paloaltonetworks.com/vm-series/9-0/vm-series-deployment/bootstrap-the-vm-series-firewall/create-the-bootstrapxml-file.html
- Vendor integration assumes that the admin-api user and password is as listed. If you create a new `bootstrap.xml`, either create the same admin-api user and password or update the vendor integration resources in `build-transit-spoke/pan.tf` with the username and password that was created:
  ```
  data "aviatrix_firenet_vendor_integration" "awstgw14_fw1" {
    vpc_id      = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[0].vpc_id
    instance_id = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[0].instance_id
    vendor_type = "Palo Alto Networks VM-Series"
    public_ip   = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[0].public_ip
    username    = "admin-api"
    password    = "Aviatrix12345#"
    save        = true
    depends_on = [
      time_sleep.wait_for_fw_instances
    ]
  }

  data "aviatrix_firenet_vendor_integration" "awstgw14_fw2" {
    vpc_id      = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[1].vpc_id
    instance_id = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[1].instance_id
    vendor_type = "Palo Alto Networks VM-Series"
    public_ip   = module.awstgw14.aviatrix_firewall_instance[1].public_ip
    username    = "admin-api"
    password    = "Aviatrix12345#"
    save        = true
    depends_on = [
      time_sleep.wait_for_fw_instances
    ]
  }
  ```
